Welcome to JW Broadcasting. On our program for this month, we'll hear the
experience of Brother Jim Brown. He studied the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses
off and on for 30 years. What motivated him to make changes and dedicate his
life to Jehovah? It's important for youth to develop good spiritual habits
early. How can teenagers get the most out of their daily Bible reading? We have
a lot to look forward to on the April 2018 edition of JW Broadcasting. As
gods were, such as the heart of a Bible student, they may need to make
significant changes to live by Jehovah's standards. We start our program with
just such a story. Meet Jim Brown, a brother from Key Largo, Florida in the
United States. Before becoming one of Jehovah's Witnesses, he was on a dangerous
path of vice and violence. What changes did he have to make on the road to true
worship? 53 years old. I was known as a troublemaker. I was fighting in the
bars, come to a point where you began to enjoy it. He was flat out scary. He was a
very mean and violent man. So everybody kind of kept their distance from him. My
language was too testable. I would make grown men blush by the things that I
could say and things that I would do. It was involved with some bikers and they
were trying to prospect me into getting into their club. Things were escalating.
We got married very young and we were 17. And had my oldest daughter? I was the
mom and he lived a life of being out with his friends and partying.
About that time, my wife started studying a Bible which Jehovah's Witnesses. It was a
big change for her. But she explained the reason behind it. I couldn't argue with it.
She talked me into studying. I studied from 28 years old to 30. I always
seen it. I always seen it. I know this is where I needed to be. Somehow I just
could never break free of the person that I was. My mom always raised us in the
truth growing up and that's what we knew. So then to see my dad where he was so
different but yet believed it to be the truth. And then to see that his lifestyle
didn't do him any good was kind of a good example of a bad example if that
makes sense. I was afraid of the change. People accepted me for who I was. Being
a tough guy. Being Jimmy Brown. The scripture comes to mind. I planted a
polished water. God kept making it grow. Many brothers have studied with Jim from
time to time over the years. I just happened to be the one at the time in his
life when he was taking the truth and running with it. Wanted to be a better
person. Actually, you know, this was just not the way of life that I wanted
anymore. He changed his friends. He changed his life. He changed his dress
and grooming. He changed his speech patterns. He changed the way he was a
grandfather. He changed the way he was a father. He changed the way he was a
husband. Everything changed about him. I knew the work that witnesses do. Going
out door to door, talking to people. I thought I could never do that. Whoa. Me
going door to door. I'm gonna run into people that I know. Did I drink with for
years and years? How can I face them now? I had always told my wife would be much
easier for you to become a witness if I didn't live here. But how wrong I was
because what a witness. My changes have been to so many people in town. One of
my favorite things to do is a bridge witness scene with my granddaughter. People
are fishing in the bridge. Some of them are all night. I even have return visits
that I do because people are regularly come down the weekend to fish on the
bridges. I seize every opportunity. My kids laugh at me. Who witnessed to
anybody, anytime, anywhere. You'll see some raggedy tag, the old rough guy
that he knew and brought to the kingdom hall. And a few weeks he's got a new
suit on, got a haircut, clean shaven. This is the effect he has on the people
that he comes in contact with. I love life now. I have two friends. I know that I
have hope for the future. Jehovah has seen something in me and he's brought it
to light. I am a good person. I can be a good human being. I can hope other
people I can be loved by him. It's a precious. Are you a Bible student who is
undecided on whether to commit your way to Jehovah? Take note of the trust and
confidence Brother Brown showed in dedicating his life to God. Be assured that
Jehovah will guide and care for us if we give him the opportunity. Brother
Brown now enjoys the blessing of living under Jehovah's protection, serving
of the ministerial servant and regular pioneer. You too can experience Jehovah's
spiritual protection as we'll learn throughout our program. The theme of our
broadcast is a very comforting one, being securely wrapped in the bag of life
with Jehovah. Perhaps the thought of being securely wrapped makes us think of a
faithfully swaddled baby or being enveloped in the warm blanket on a cold
night. In the Bible, these words were uttered by the woman Abigail to Jehovah
servant David. To understand the meaning of the words and their importance
today, let's review the context the first Samuel chapter 25. David and 600 of
his men were dwelling as fugitives. They eventually encountered men who
worked as shepherds for Abigail's husband, Navel. David and his men began to
help guard Navel's flocks and serve as a protective wall for Navel's flocks
and servants against thieves and invaders who roamed through the wilderness. It
was likely challenging to find enough food for 600 soldiers. So David decided
to send 10 of his men to kindly ask Navel for food in repayment for the
services that they had performed. But at first Samuel chapter 25 verse 10 and 11
note Navel's reply. Navel answered David's servants, who is David? And who is the
son of Jesse? Nowadays, many servants are breaking away from their
masters. Do I have to take my bread and my water and the meat that I butchered
from my shears and give it to men who come from who knows where? This was not
the response that David and his men were expecting to hear. The Bible describes
Navel as a very harsh, worthless man. And this is certainly evidence by his
reply. He screamed insults at the messengers and ridiculed David, comparing
him to a runaway servant. So David decided to take matters into his own hands.
And resolve the situation the way many people today might. By fighting. In verse 13,
he has 400 of his men prepare themselves for battle with one mission to wipe out
every male and Navel's household. Eventually, we're getting back to Abigail
about what her husband had done. Without telling Navel, she gathered an
abundance of food and went out to meet David. When she met up with him,
she poured out her heart at length, asking David to forgive her personally and
making a powerful plea for mercy on behalf of her husband and her household.
She acknowledged that Navel was a foolish and senseless man. So she urged David
not to take any action that might bring blood guilt upon him or cause him to be
affected by a troubled conscience. As Abigail concluded her appeal to David,
notice what she tells him in verse 29, the theme of our discussion. When
someone rises up to pursue you and seeks your life, the life of my Lord will be
wrapped securely in the bag of life with Jehovah your God. But the lives of
your enemies, he will hurl away like stones from a sling, just as we might wrap
up something valuable in order to protect and preserve it. Abigail was
telling David that is how his life would be in Jehovah's hands. Jehovah would
protect and preserve David's life from his enemies. As long as he did not seek
to save himself by personal efforts, but waited on Jehovah, trusting in the one
to whom he owed his life. What lessons can we learn from this account? As David
saw, his relationship with Jehovah was a protection. In verse 32, he
acknowledges that God has sent Abigail with the warning. We learn that Jehovah's
spiritual protection for us is related to the quality of our relationship with
him. That's why the Bible tells us at James chapter 4, verse 8, draw close to
God and he will draw close to you. Jehovah invites us to draw near to him
because he wants to receive us into his favor as his friends. When we dedicate
our lives and vow to serve him unconditionally, we gain an approved standing
with him, we're figuratively put in that bag of life. And as we work to develop a
close personal relationship with him, then we can experience Jehovah's
friendship and protection. We would never want to restrict Jehovah's protection
by not looking to him for guidance or relying on our own thinking. Now, can we
think of areas or situations that might require us to wait on Jehovah? Perhaps
we're experiencing literal opposition at work or at school. Like Abigail, he
might face the challenge of living with a difficult marriage made. Maybe we're
battling a health issue and loyalty is needed regarding our medical choices. Or
it may be that we live in a country where we cannot preach freely or we face
opposition for our beliefs. Really, it could be any number of situations, but it is
our response the way we handle the situation that indicates how much we are
allowing Jehovah to help us. Do we trust him enough that we can leave the
matter in his hands and see how he works things out in our behalf? We have to
manifest Christian qualities in order to do that. Think about what qualities
displayed by Abigail and David impress you most. Two, they come to mind are
patience and reasonableness. Patience is closely connected with endurance and
enables one to put up with difficult circumstances while maintaining a positive
attitude. Reasonableness describes a person who is fair, considerate, willing to
yield to others. How well this describes Abigail? It must have been quite a
challenge to live with someone like Nebel. But nowhere do we read that she was
ever disrespectful of him or that she belittled him. Even when she referred to
him as senseless in verse 25, from Jehovah's standpoint, her comments were
proper because Nebel's actions put his entire household in danger. How about
David? He was in a position of authority, but he showed great patience and
reasonableness in listening to Abigail and having the good sense to know that
she was right. That's not always easy to do when the heat of the moment or when
we're upset. Perhaps you recall that our don't give up regional convention
last year. When discussing 2nd Peter chapter 1 verses 5 through 8, we learned a
nice formula that can help us to cultivate and strengthen Christian
qualities. We were encouraged to study them, meditate on them, and put them into
practice. If we apply this formula with the qualities of patience and
reasonableness, it can help us to endure our trials successfully. And we're
confident that Jehovah will supply us with whatever power we need so that we
will not tire out as we continue to endure and put our trust in him. In addition
to developing these qualities, something else that can help us is our spiritual
routine. Our consistent routine of study, meeting attendance, and the ministry
will help us remain busy, stay active, and make good decisions. We'll have no
time to become curious or occupy what the things this world has to offer. It's
good to remember the people during the days of Haggai. When the Jews lost
their focus and started neglecting Jehovah's Temple, they lost his
blessing and protection spiritually. And what was the result? Well, notice
how Haggai draws our attention to a different type of bag at Haggai chapter
1 verse 6. You have so much seed, but you harvest little. You eat, but it is not
to satisfaction. You drink, but you do not drink your fill. You put on clothing
but no one gets warm. The one who hires himself out puts his wages in a bag full
of holes. The Jews sowed seed but had a meager harvest. They lacked enough food
to satisfy their needs. They were unable to clothe themselves with warm garments.
Because Jehovah withheld his blessings, Haggai rightly compared them to a man
who puts his wages in a bag full of holes. Imagine the disappointment of
discovering that hard-earned wages had gradually disappeared through a leaking
bag. Of course, our focus is not material prosperity because whether we have
an abundance of material things or not, if we fail to receive Jehovah's
blessing, our spirituality is jeopardized. So we must be determined to never lose
our focus and keep Jehovah in the forefront of our lives. When we examine the
life of David, it's evident that he enjoyed a preserved and protected
relationship with God. When we read the book of Psalms, take note of how David
describes Jehovah's protective care. In Psalm 18, Psalm 31, and Psalm 34, as he
went through distresses, just beautiful accounts. Now, did David always do
everything the right way? No. Think of his encounter with naval. While his
angry reaction was understandable, his way of expressing it was not correct. But
David learned from his mistakes and each new trial that he went through
strengthened his relationship with Jehovah even more. For example, after the
ordeal with naval, a short time later, David married Abigail. They were still
fugitives, but he found a king that befriended them and gave David's men and
family a land to dwell in. One day, while all the men were away, the amalachites
raided and burned the city and carried off all the men's wives, children, and
flocks. Upon returning and seeing what had happened, David and his men wept.
Grief quickly turned to bitterness, and David's men spoke of stoning him. This
was likely quite stressful for David. He was concerned for the safety of his
family, and likely he was frustrated that his men had turned on him. Maybe
he felt disrespected again as he had with naval. So how would he handle this
situation? We get a glimpse of David's feelings at 1 Samuel, chapter 30, verse 6.
David was very distressed because the men were talking of stoning him, for all
the men had become very bitter over the loss of their sons and daughters. But
notice how did David handle the situation? The verse continues, but David
strengthened himself by Jehovah his God. How did he do this? Verse 8 says, David
inquired of Jehovah. This time, David has a different thought process and
response. Immediately, he remembers to consult Jehovah. Isn't this a nice
reminder that when you and I are going through difficult trials and situations,
we want to immediately pray to Jehovah and seek his direction through the pages of
his word, the Bible. This is essential for our spiritual protection.
So in review, as we face difficult situations in life, may we look for
opportunities to show and develop our Christian qualities, such as patience and
reasonableness. These qualities show Jehovah that we want to be like him, that we
have the mental disposition of Christ, and that we will allow him to guide us
constantly. Next, may we keep focused and busy in the work of the Lord. By drawing
close to Jehovah through prayer and engaging in spiritual activities, we make the best of
our situation now. But we will also find everlasting protection in Jehovah's hands,
safely swaddled, and securely wrapped in his bag of life. We need to rely on Jehovah's
guidance even in the most severe trials. It's possible that you may face a life-threatening issue
where there's no desirable option, but a decision is necessary. In the following
dramatization, Emma is faced with a situation like this. What will she do? And how will God's
word help her to make a decision? When Thomas and I first learned I was pregnant,
we were both really shocked. But then we grew more and more excited. And we were so thrilled
when we saw our little girl for the first time. We really didn't care if it was a boy or a girl.
We just wanted the baby to be healthy. Unfortunately, our hopes were completely destroyed when the
doctor told us that the baby would likely be born with severe problems and could even die.
My husband and his parents are not Jehovah's witnesses, but they do feel abortion is wrong.
Still, they thought that we should listen to our doctor's advice. I couldn't believe this was
happening. I even questioned why Jehovah would allow it. I really felt it was more than I could
bear. Thomas asked me what I wanted to do, and I told him that I could never have an abortion.
He agreed that normally it would be wrong, but felt that in our situation God would understand
I was so overwhelmed. I was being pressured to make a decision I knew was wrong,
but that everyone was telling me was based on my child. I had never felt so alone.
I needed Jehovah more than ever, so I poured out my heart to him in prayer. And then I did
research. I showed Thomas the scripture I had found. If men should struggle with each other
and they hurt a pregnant woman, if a fatality does occur, then you must give life for life.
Jehovah views even the unintentional killing of an unborn child as a serious sin.
So how could we intentionally take the life of our child? I made my decision clear to our doctor.
Thank you. I'll have a look at that later. And to my in-laws.
There was a chance the diagnosis was incorrect, and I'd love to say that that's what occurred.
But it did not. My daughter Chloe only loved a few weeks after she was born,
and losing her was the hardest thing I've ever had to endure. But Jehovah gave me the courage
to explain my beliefs to my husband, my in-laws, and the medical staff, and they all expressed
admiration for my strong faith. And I've never regretted the decision I made.
Even though Chloe only loved those few weeks, I'm so grateful for the time I had with her.
I know Jehovah remembers every detail about her, and he'll give her back to me in the resurrection,
in perfect health, because all life is truly precious in his eyes.
Getting Jehovah's thinking on a matter should be the first thing we do when making decisions.
This is especially true when well-intentioned friends or family offer advice that may conflict
with Bible principles. As we weigh a variety of options, follow Emma's good example of consulting
God's word in our Christian publications. This will help us make decisions that bring honor to Jehovah.
In our program, we've seen a few ways that Satan will exert pressure on those securely
wrapped in the bag of life. True Christians courageously stand up to the devil, never allowing him to
pry us away from Jehovah's protection. At a recent Bethel morning worship, for the Mark Sanderson
of the governing body discussed 1 Peter, chapter 5, verse 9, and outlined how we take our stand
against Satan. Is it possible to survive the attack of a roaring lion?
Well now I did some just quick checking on various wildlife websites, and here's what they say.
Basically, they all give the same advice if you're being attacked by a lion. They say,
hold your ground, never run, or turn back. In fact, one website says a lion can run 50 miles per
hour, so stand still. If you run, you will only die tired. Well, that's true.
1 Peter, chapter 5, and verse 9, gives us exactly the same advice. It says, take your stand against him.
Well, in this case, not against a literal lion, but against that roaring lion, Satan the devil,
who is seeking to devour every single one of us. Our ability to stand firm when facing this lion,
to be able to oppose him, to refuse to be intimidated by him, to refuse to run away, or turn back,
requires what the Apostle Peter next mentions there in verse 9, a brother crane, so nicely covered
in his comment. We have to take our stand against him firm in the faith. To be successful, we
must have complete trust and complete confidence in Jehovah. Well, now, in that regard,
let's look at an example of someone in Bible times who had that kind of confidence in Jehovah.
This is in the days of King Jehoshaphat, when Judah was threatened by the combined forces of Moab,
Ammon, and the inhabitants of the mountainous region of Seer. Now, let's begin by opening our
Bibles and reading 2 Chronicles chapter 20 and verse 12. So here, Jehoshaphat is praying to Jehovah.
He's pouring out his heart to him and see what he says. Oh, our God, will you not execute judgment
on them? For we are powerless before this large crowd that is coming against us. And we do not know
what we should do, but our eyes are toward you. Well, Jehoshaphat was facing the lion.
He said to Jehovah, we don't know what to do, but Jehoshaphat had complete and total trust. He had
firm faith in Jehovah. Well, what did Jehovah tell Jehoshaphat to do? See, verse 17,
you will not need to fight this battle. Take your position. Does that sound familiar? Take your position,
stand still and see the salvation of Jehovah in your behalf. Oh, Judah and Jerusalem do not be afraid
or be terrified. Tomorrow, go out against them and Jehovah will be with you. Well, what did
Jehovah tell them to do? He said, take a position in opposition to that military force,
stand firm, refuse to run away and see the salvation that will come from Jehovah.
Well, in order to do that, Jehoshaphat and the people with him would need to have strong, firm,
solid faith. Well, not to help the people. Look at what Jehoshaphat said to them,
as they were getting ready for this battle in verse 20. You see just about middle of the verse.
It says, Jehoshaphat stood up and said, listen to me, Oh, Judah and you inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Put faith in Jehovah your God so that you may be able to stand firm. Put faith in his prophets
and you will be successful. Well, that's exactly what happened. See, with that kind of confidence
in Jehovah, with that firm trust in him, with that standing firm, what did Jehovah do? Well,
according to verses 22 and 23, you'll remember what happened. The men of Ammon, Moab and the
inhabitants of the mountainous region of Seer, they all went to striking down one another. And
in verse 23 says, and the Ammonites and the Moabites turned against the inhabitants of the
mountainous region of Seer to destroy and annihilate them. And when they finished with the inhabitants
of Seer, they helped to destroy one another. Well, Jehovah had rewarded their firm faith in him.
The weapons that had been formed against Jehoshaphat and his people had no success.
Well, now, sometimes we think, of course, that these kinds of situations only happened in Bible
times, but it's amazing to see how our brothers in our modern day have had that same kind of faith
and have stood firm against the lion. Here's just a couple of experiences that really touch my heart.
Here's one about a brother named Pavel from Russia. In 1958, Pavel was arrested for religious
activities. Accompanying me to the train, he says, the officer with me said,
look at your wife for the last time because you will never see her again while there's the lion.
I spent six months in solitary confinement before my trial. During interrogations,
the investigators did everything to undermine my faith. Sometimes violence was used. I begged Jehovah to
give me the strength to stay firm, but now look what happened. During a routine interrogation,
the investigator called me into his study and he said, now we will show you what your organization
is doing, then you can see if it is God's work or not. Looking at me intently, he continued.
This year, your convention in New York was attended by 253,000 people in two stadiums. The
convention lasted eight days. The investigators screwed the table with photographs. In one of them,
I saw happy delegates and colorful native dress embracing one another. Another photo showed
brother nor giving a talk and yet others showed the baptism. The investigator could not even imagine
what I was feeling at that moment. I felt that I was attending the convention without ever
having leaving the prison. I felt new strength flooding into me. It was just what I needed.
And Jehovah generously blessed me in a special way. I was ready to endure further. Isn't that
amazing? Here's another similar experience. 1960, also in Russia, a large publicized trial of
Jehovah's Witnesses. About 300 persons were present in the courtroom, including many of our brothers
and sisters. Well, as the evidence, as evidence against the brothers, the prosecutor decided to
present a letter from Nathan H. Norr. One of the brothers who attended the trials had this.
The prosecutor loudly began to read a letter that had been intercepted by the KGB from
brother norr to the brothers in the Soviet Union. For all of us witnesses present in the hall,
it was a wonderful gift from Jehovah. The letter warmed our hearts.
We heard wise counsel from the Bible and encouragement to serve our fellow believers lovingly
and to stay faithful even under trials. The prosecutor read the letter from beginning to the very
end. We listened with wrapped attention. It seemed to us that we were attending a convention.
When our brothers, what additional lessons do we learn from these two experiences?
When we stand our ground against Satan, firm in the faith, then Jehovah will do just what he
promised in 1 Peter 5 and 10. Do you see what it says there? But after you have suffered a little
while, the God of all undeserved kindness who called you to his everlasting glory and union with
Christ will himself finish your training. He will make you firm. He will make you strong. He will
firmly ground you. So, brothers, can we survive the attack of a roaring lion? Absolutely. With firm
faith, let's stand fast and see the salvation from Jehovah.
Burm faith is needed to resist the relentless attacks of Satan the devil. The modern day examples
brought out in the presentation are truly inspiring. However, did you notice that Brother Sanderson
also applied the biblical example of Jahashafat? The Bible is full of accounts that can revive and
renew our courage every time we read them. But here's a question. When should we develop the type
of faith that can resist the attack of a roaring lion? Is there something only longtime servants of
Jehovah can do? Ecclesiastes 121 says to remember then your grand creator in the days of your youth.
Young ones, do you find it a challenge to read the Bible every day? A few of your peers have
excellent suggestions based on how they do their Bible reading and how they get the most benefit
from it. I often put it off until later, so I come home in the evening tired and like to relax.
I was very often tired for many different reasons and that is why I didn't have the motivation
even to start Bible reading in the first place. I also had many phases where it was really tough
to stick it out with Bible reading. Especially in the age of social media, there are many other things
you can fill your day with. One hobby that mainly got in the way was watching movies. I really
spent a lot of time on that. This often seals precious time you could have made better use of.
So something that moved me was the thought that through Bible reading you're actually talking to
Jehovah, that you pray to him and he is the nuts ring you through the Bible. As Jehovah promised
that he can give us both the power and the desire to act, I just pray to Jehovah to please first
give me the power to read and then the desire follows. Then I decided to simply start and stick with
it. I started with reading my favourite book and that way it was easier for me.
Well I started with Genesis just to get through the whole Bible.
My favourite Bible book is Esther and because I think she was a very special person,
it was especially then that I could imagine what her situation was like and what kind of a person
she was and I could see myself in the account. The weekly Bible reading program has been such a
guideline. It's motivating since we discussed this content at the meetings and I could use the
study aids in our workbook too. You can better relate to the brothers and sisters comments because
you've read the material yourself and I can comment too. When I'm reading the Bible in the JW
Library app on my phone there is of course the risk that it vibrates and I get a message and then
of course you have the urge to check to see who just wrote me. For me personally then it's really
helpful when I put my phone in airplane mode so that I can really focus on what I'm reading and
nothing can distract me. I like reading at home but I also like to do outdoors because I think that's
where you're closest to Jehovah. I never just read about the events that are described in the Bible
but I ask myself questions like why did Jehovah have this written down? What is in there for me
personally and this helps me to stay focused and not just scratch the surface otherwise my mind would
immediately start wondering. At a convention I learned something that helps me to really take
in the things I read. The point discussed was to remember to look in four different directions when
meditating so to speak. First to look upwards to find out exactly what I am learning from the text
about Jehovah. Then downwards to find out what it teaches me about his purpose, about what he
wants for the earth. Then to look at myself how I can personally benefit now and eventually towards
others thinking about how I can help other people with this particular Bible text. In the JW Library
app there are four different colours for highlighting text so I simply use a different colour for
each of the four directions and highlight them on my tablet or smartphone. For example one of my
hobbies is drawing. I decided one time that I was going to draw the spiritual suit of armor,
all of its different parts and their symbolic meanings and this especially helped me to actually
see the benefit of it. To see how many wonderful resources Jehovah provides us with and that he never
leaves us alone. Another thing I like very much is the category Bible study activities where you can
directly pick a topic that you personally find interesting and then to read that. It's Jehovah's
word. I love him and also want to please him of course. That's why it's very important to understand
his word. It feels really good when you've understood a difficult phrase by doing it this way.
It actually makes you feel like you've achieved something and this brings you a lot closer to Jehovah.
It happens often that you don't even know what you should pray about or what you could thank Jehovah for.
My personal Bible reading has helped me with this a lot because now I know exactly what I want to
tell Jehovah. Daily Bible reading is very important to me as it gives me some sort of inner balance when
I face situations that might be unfamiliar or shape me up. I know that no matter what the problem is,
Jehovah has always the right answer prepared. At the beginning it is really hard. You have to fight
to keep it up and you definitely need discipline. After a while you truly start to enjoy it and it
gets easier and easier and you're happy that you started in the first place. I really think that
when Jehovah sees how much effort you put into it that he's genuinely proud of you and that's
the best thing that can happen to you. These young brothers and sisters didn't just acquire knowledge.
They drew closer to Jehovah. This will help them build a fine foundation for their future
and you can too. It may not be easy at first but as one young brother suggested,
start with something that captures your interest. Try using the JW Library app or a handy notebook
to keep track of points you hope to apply or discuss at family worship. This will make it a part of
your daily routine that you look forward to. Each segment in the program has highlighted some way
we can build a strong relationship with God. Our music video depicts the joy of marriage where
Jehovah is part of a threefold court, one that cannot quickly be torn apart. The song is called
Truly in Love.
That comes from a lovely gift called Gantubeet as one then no time has begun. It's simple so
and it's something we know with a threefold Jehovah to guide us in a flesh search and exit.
So many of our brothers and sisters can agree with the words of that song with a threefold
court love will grow. In marriage, in youth, really in all things we've considered,
Jehovah will be there to guide us. What will be the result? We'll find the warmth and security
of being securely wrapped in Jehovah's bag of life. We hope you enjoyed our program.
We conclude by heading to the beautiful tropical island of Sri Lanka off the southeast coast of
India in the Indian Ocean. Over 6,000 publishers make up the 112 congregations on the island,
including 13 isolated groups. As you travel throughout the country, the scars of decades-long
civil war are still evident. However, our brothers and sisters display the beautiful spirit of
Christian unity. Publishers preach the good news to those on the coast, high in the mountains,
and in the bustling cities. More than 8,000 Bible studies are being conducted,
and over 650 brothers and sisters are in the pioneer work. Due to the dense population in the
city of Colombo, those in metropolitan witnessing see an average of almost 17,000 people in just one
eight-hour period. High in Sri Lanka's tea mountains is a small congregation in the town of Badula.
Their productive ministry takes them into banana plantations, jungles,
and mountain-tea states as they search for those receptive to the good news.
Despite differing ethnic backgrounds, they're completely united in worship and brotherly affection.
Our brothers and sisters, who are wrapped up in Jehovah's bag of life,
send you their warm love and greetings from the mountain tops of Sri Lanka.
Thank you for watching. From the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses,
this is J.W. Broadcasting.